c:\users\bruno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoS2B\DengueApp\DengueApp.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\bruno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoS2B\DengueApp\DengueApp.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\HomePage.xbf
c:\users\bruno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoS2B\DengueApp\DengueApp.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\bruno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoS2B\DengueApp\DengueApp.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\DengueApp.WindowsPhone.xr.xml
c:\users\bruno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoS2B\DengueApp\DengueApp.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\DengueApp.WindowsPhone.exe
c:\users\bruno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoS2B\DengueApp\DengueApp.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\DengueApp.WindowsPhone.pdb
c:\users\bruno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoS2B\DengueApp\DengueApp.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\bruno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoS2B\DengueApp\DengueApp.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\bruno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoS2B\DengueApp\DengueApp.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\DengueApp.WindowsPhone.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\bruno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoS2B\DengueApp\DengueApp.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\bruno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoS2B\DengueApp\DengueApp.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\bruno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoS2B\DengueApp\DengueApp.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\HomePage.g.i.cs
c:\users\bruno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoS2B\DengueApp\DengueApp.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\HomePage.g.cs
c:\users\bruno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoS2B\DengueApp\DengueApp.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\bruno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoS2B\DengueApp\DengueApp.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\bruno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoS2B\DengueApp\DengueApp.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\bruno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoS2B\DengueApp\DengueApp.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\bruno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoS2B\DengueApp\DengueApp.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\bruno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoS2B\DengueApp\DengueApp.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\bruno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoS2B\DengueApp\DengueApp.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\HomePage.xaml
c:\users\bruno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoS2B\DengueApp\DengueApp.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\bruno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoS2B\DengueApp\DengueApp.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\HomePage.xbf
c:\users\bruno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoS2B\DengueApp\DengueApp.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\bruno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoS2B\DengueApp\DengueApp.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\DengueApp.WindowsPhone.exe
c:\users\bruno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoS2B\DengueApp\DengueApp.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\DengueApp.WindowsPhone.pdb
c:\users\bruno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoS2B\DengueApp\DengueApp.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\bruno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoS2B\DengueApp\DengueApp.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\bruno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoS2B\DengueApp\DengueApp.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\bruno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoS2B\DengueApp\DengueApp.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\bruno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoS2B\DengueApp\DengueApp.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\bruno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoS2B\DengueApp\DengueApp.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\bruno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoS2B\DengueApp\DengueApp.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\bruno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoS2B\DengueApp\DengueApp.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\bruno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoS2B\DengueApp\DengueApp.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\bruno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoS2B\DengueApp\DengueApp.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\bruno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoS2B\DengueApp\DengueApp.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\bruno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoS2B\DengueApp\DengueApp.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
c:\users\bruno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoS2B\DengueApp\DengueApp.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\FuncionalidadesSecundariasPage.xbf
c:\users\bruno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoS2B\DengueApp\DengueApp.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\FuncionalidadesSecundariasPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\bruno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoS2B\DengueApp\DengueApp.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\FuncionalidadesSecundariasPage.g.cs
c:\users\bruno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoS2B\DengueApp\DengueApp.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\FuncionalidadesSecundariasPage.xaml
c:\users\bruno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoS2B\DengueApp\DengueApp.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\FuncionalidadesSecundariasPage.xbf
C:\Users\BRUNO\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoS2B\DengueApp\DengueApp.WindowsPhone\bin\Debug\AtividadesPage.xbf
C:\Users\BRUNO\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoS2B\DengueApp\DengueApp.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\AtividadesPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\BRUNO\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoS2B\DengueApp\DengueApp.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\AtividadesPage.g.cs
C:\Users\BRUNO\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoS2B\DengueApp\DengueApp.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\AtividadesPage.xaml
C:\Users\BRUNO\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjetoS2B\DengueApp\DengueApp.WindowsPhone\obj\Debug\AtividadesPage.xbf
